Copyright (c) 2017 PayFast (Pty) Ltd You (being anyone who is not PayFast (Pty) Ltd) may download 
and use this code for testing purposes, in conjunction with a registered and active PayFast account. 
If your PayFast account is terminated for any reason, you may not use this code or part thereof. 
Except as expressly indicated in this licence, you may not use, copy, modify or distribute this 
code or part thereof in any way.

WARNING: 

This test kit is not distributed as sample code. The purpose of the test kit is for testing a 
custom development and it does not fulfil the needs of an entire custom integration. 
Please note the differences between this test kit and a live integration outlined below.

-----------------------------------------
Setup Instructions for using the test kit
-----------------------------------------
1. Unzip the test kit to a temporary location on your computer.
2. Copy the contents of the 'yoursite' folder to the root folder of your test site.
3. Insert the relevant urls you will be testing. 
   This can either be done in the checkout.php file (on lines 113, 121 and 129), or changed in the 
   form in the browser each time a test is run.
4. If testing using a unique sandbox account, with a passphrase set, you will also need to set the 
   passphrase in line 58 of notify.php.
   
   NOTE:
   
   You can send custom variables that will be returned on the notify_url, after a successful 
   transaction from the sandbox. However, if you are testing locally you will not receive the ITN, 
   as it will be unable to reach your server.

   You are now ready to use the PayFast Test Kit in Sandbox mode.

------------------------------------------
Instructions for testing a regular payment 
------------------------------------------
1. Go to your-site-url.com/checkout.php in your browser. 
2. Follow the instructions for running a test payment and leave the recurring billing inputs blank 
   (From 'Subscription Type' to 'Cycles').
3. Add the passphrase only if you have set one on your sandbox account.
3. Click 'Review String & Signature'.
4. Once you have reviewed the results, click 'Submit to Sandbox'.
5. You should then be redirected to the return page specified.

   https://www.payfast.co.za/documentation/confirm-page/
   
   NOTE: 
   
   In order to receive the ITN, your website will need to be web accessible.

-----------------------------------------------
Instructions for testing a subscription payment 
-----------------------------------------------
1. To setup a subscription, you will need to complete the recurring billing inputs on the checkout 
   page and submit just as you would for a regular payment.
2. Ensure you are completing the correct fields with the correct types of data by following the 
   documentation on recurring billing.

   https://www.payfast.co.za/documentation/recurring-billing/
   
   NOTE: 
   
   To test subscriptions via the sandbox you will need to setup your own sandbox account and 
   ensure you have set a passphrase as per the setup instructions above.

------------------------------
Instructions for using the API 
------------------------------   
1. Go to your-site-url.com/api_setup.php in your browser. 
2. Ensure you are providing the correct inputs by following our documentation on using our API.
   
   https://www.payfast.co.za/documentation/api/
   https://www.payfast.co.za/documentation/subscription-payments-api-endpoints/
   
   NOTE: 
   
   As long as your site is externally accessible, you will be able to use our API.   

--------------------------------------------------------
Differences between test kit code and a live integration
--------------------------------------------------------
1. For a live integration, the checkout page needs to include the required fields for the checkout 
   page and then submit this to PayFast. Here in the test kit, the submit code is located in 
   signature.php page where we are showing the parameter string and signature for test purposes only.
2. For a live integration, the passphrase needs to be set in the admin configuration, and referenced 
   as a variable when needed. It is not part of the checkout page form, or hard-coded in the notify 
   page, as we do here.
3. For a live integration, the following will be hidden, either set in configuration or hard-coded 
   in your integration:
	- The Merchant ID and Merchant Key
	- The URLs (Return, Cancel and Notify)
	- The Email confirmation fields
4. The Merchant Payment ID will be generated by the merchant's site.
